Simplify recommendations for using packages.yml and dependencies.yml (#6171)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_packages_or_dependencies.md

## Use cases

The following setup will work for every dbt project:

- Add [any package dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#when-to-use-project-dependencies) to `packages.yml`
- Add [any project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#when-to-use-package-dependencies) to `dependencies.yml`

> However, you can consolidate both into a single `dependencies.yml` file. Read the following section to learn more.

Reviewer: The current wording makes it seem like it **will** be possible to consolidate into a single `dependencies.yml`, so I'm wondering if we can soften the language here by using **may** (or **might**) instead?
```suggestion
However, you may be able to consolidate both into a single `dependencies.yml` file. Read the following section to learn more.
```
